---
layout: post
title: Simple for Artists
image: 
desc: 
tags: ["resources", "design"]
comments: true
published: false
---

I have been working on a GitHub Pages template for artists to make their own website or blog quickly and easily.

### Why run your own blog?
With twitter going down the drain and AI image generators scraping data from websites like DeviantArt and ArtStation, I think this is a great time for artists to start running their own blogs and websites again. Many artists do, but I still see artists with no website or personal blog. If you are only sharing your work on social media, you are at the mercy of advertisers, CEOs, admins, and algorithms. You may be giving permission to use your work in ways you don't realize. Your account could be suspended, or the social media network could collapse, and where would that leave you and the people who follow you?

Having your own blog or website gives you control over your work. It gives you freedom to post whatever you want, however you want. You can choose to make your website as simple or as complex as you want. You can present your work in the way that you descide. And best of all, you don't have to worry about an algorithm, advertisers, or buy-outs.

### Why Github Pages?
Github Pages are free, simple, and entirely editable. You work directly with the code of the site so the only limits are your own patience and technical knowledge. They are also incredibly quick to set up. While I do believe that it is possible to set up a Github Pages site with zero prior experience with HTML, CSS, and other coding languages, I admit that it would be more difficult.
